docs: add instructions on upgrading to the latest release (#450) (#456)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/getting-started.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Upgrade your existing application

Reviewer: This should be a separate page under the `Features` group.

You can create a folder for `updating` [in here](https://github.com/analogjs/analog/tree/main/apps/docs-app/docs/features) and an `overview.md` for the content.

The config file for the sidemenu is here https://github.com/analogjs/analog/blob/main/apps/docs-app/sidebars.js

Author: ok, i will fix that. Thanks

> ## Upgrade your existing application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating to the latest version
```

> There are two methods for upgrading an Analog application. You have the option to utilize the `ng update @analogjs/platform` command
> to Upgrade a standalone project, or you can make use of the Nx migrate command, which is `nx migrate @analogjs/platform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `ng update` command for an Angular CLI workspace, or the `nx migrate` command for updating within an Nx workspace.
```

<Tabs groupId="app-upgrader">
  <TabItem label="ng update" value="ng-update">

### ng update

> Upgrade an Analog project with the following `ng update` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an Analog project with the `ng update` command:
```

```shell
ng update @analogjs/platform
```
</TabItem>

  <TabItem label="Nx" value="nx-migrate">

### Nx Migrate

> Upgrade an Analog project with the following `nx migrate` command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an Analog project with the `nx migrate` command: 
```
